EDUCATION:
Jan 2018 – Current
University of Utah 							
Degree Certificate - Arts Technology

Jul 2010 – Aug 2013
University of California, Los Angeles 					
B.A. - English

EMPLOYMENT:
Dec 2018 – Current
Mystery Escape Room - SLC
Administrative/Sales Assistant
Book experiences and manage schedules for five nationally renowned escape rooms. 
Greet customers and inform them of rules and safety regulations.
Direct actors through scheduled shifts, accommodating for day-of bookings and walk-ins.

Feb 2017 – June 2017
The Firm For Good							
Recruitment and Personal Assistant to Rebecca George
Managed the daily schedule and email inbox of professional job recruiter and consultant, staffing specifically education and nonprofit positions.
Research and outreach to potential candidates for staffing opportunities.

Jun 2016 – Jan 2017
The Safran Company							
Executive Assistant to Peter Safran
Managed the daily schedule of busy film producer, manager, and agent.  
Handled personal errands for the Safran family: paid bills, managed expenses, set appointments, and managed travel arrangements.

Sep 2014 – Jun 2016
Nickelodeon Animation Studios 					
Production Assistant
Scheduled meetings with Nickelodeon executives, directors, and CG artists.  Served as contact person regarding music licensing, casting, voice records, and script coordination.
Managed and tracked in-house CG assets through design, modeling, texturing, and rigging stages, and shipped assets to Bardel Entertainment for animation.

Sep 2010 – Sep 2013
UCLA Radio 								
Intern Manager / DJ
Lead weekly class of 30 interns, teaching the basics of online-only radio programming.
Sat on a board of thirteen managers responsible for making station-wide decisions.  Organized annual pledge drive, outreach efforts, sponsored concerts, blog presence, and social events.
Hosted four hours of weekly on-air programming.

Sep 2012 – Dec 2012
DeLine Pictures 							
Office Intern
Read, covered, and bound scripts for Donald Deline’s WB-based production company.
Ran lunch and coffee orders for executives and assistants.